Week 1:
We formed a Group and our first online meeting was held on 16th of September. We introduced ourselves and learnt about strengths and the weaknesses of all the group members. We had discussed about the different projects and based on a voting system we decided on the project. The project we decided on was FilmFinder. We also discussed on the  meeting schedules and decided the communication platforms. By the start of second meeting, everyone had to come up with a database of their own and decide novel ideas for the projects.
Then in our second meeting, we discussed the different aspects of the project what everyone would like to manage and contribute the most to. We decided the novel ideas based on a voting system. 
Personally, I have studied about jira, brain stormed about the novel ideas and came up with 2 novel ideas, and created a database for the project based on my thinking.



Week 2:
1.) Learnt the basics of Java script, CSS and HTML. Learnt these basics to understand angular, the framework which we are going to use for our project frontend.
2.) Learnt a part of angular and would try to complete learning about angular by the end of Week 3.
3.) Created the UI diagrams on draw.io based on the diagrams and instructions given by Jatin. 


Week 3:
1.) Learnt Typescript basics for better understanding of angular. Completed half of the angular courses on youtube.
2.) Made the required changes to the UI diagrams based on the changes made to the project proposal and the novel ideas.
3.) Contributed to the project proposal by updating the story boards and creating few of the user stories.

Week 4:
1.) Completed learning angular.
2.) Began coding, for the user stories of sprint 1 assigned to me. Was able to build and test the code. 

Week 5:
1.) Completed stories assigned to me.
2.) Prepared for demo A.
3.) Studied about the different recommendation engines.


Week 6:
1.) Worked on the UI tasks assigned to me.
2.) Discussed about the recommendation engine that would work best for our application
3.) Was able to build and test the code. 

Week 7:
1.) Started coding for Recommendation engine and completed the other stories assigned to me.
2.) Discussed about the recommendation engine for making it better.
3.) Fixed the bugs that were present on the front end.

Week 8:
1. All stories completed. 
2. Recommendation engine discussions and completed the code for movie-user matrix as requested by Runi.
3. Code review. 
4. Discussed and prepared for demo
5. Discussions were made on how the report must be presented.
