Week 1

Found a group after a bit of searching.  Had a couple of group meetings where we
discussed possible project ideas, and settled on FilmFinder.  Found a couple of
useable datasets for movie data.  Discussed database design for the project and
more or less decided on a schema.  The plan for the coming week is to complete
about two thirds of the project proposal.

Week 2

Entered user stories on Jira.  Made Project Objectives document, with FilmFinder
specification divided up into objectives and paired description points with
corresponding objectives points, for our convenience, as the similar but
non-identical 'Project Description' and 'Project Objectives' descriptions were
annoying.  Produced an initial software architecture diagram, then produced a
new version of the diagram that Jatin had drawn.  Updated some user stories on
Jira to conform to the 'Connextra' format.  With regard to the stories, was a
bit uncertain about whether we were breaking up the objectives sufficiently, so
emailed mentor for feedback.  The plan for the coming week is to complete the
project proposal.

Week 3

Did some more work on user stories on Jira.  Matched each project objective with
its corresponding user stories, for proposal, to justify that the stories
satisfy all the objectives.  Produced a new software architecture diagram after
discussion with our mentor revealed that the previous one didn't have the right
details in it.  Finalised database schema with Yash and made up some web
contracts between the API and the UI for the first sprint.  The project proposal
was completed and submitted.  The plan for the coming week is to complete the
first sprint, which includes user stories on authentication, searching for
movies by name and viewing a movie's full details.

Week 4

Began coding.  Worked primarily on code to allow a user to search for movies by
name, to allow a user to view the full details of a movie, and to allow a user
to leave a review for a movie, including testing and debugging.  The only thing
from Sprint 1 that wasn't finished was a pair of User Stories on the
recommendation system, which were probably a bit ambitious to have the first
sprint, but are being worked on steadily.  The plan for the coming week is to
complete the second sprint and to prepare for the first progressive demo.

Week 5

Continued coding.  Added the ability for a user to search for movies by
description and genre in addition to name; wrote code to allow a user to browse
movies by either director or genre; made some updates and improvements to code
previously written.  Also had our first progressive demo and corresponding
retrospective.  Again, unfinished User Stories from Sprint 2 were all on the
recommendation system, which is still underway; had a meeting to continue
working out the details of this aspect of the project.  The plan for the coming
week is to complete the third sprint, which includes stories on searching by
mood and subscribing to other users.

Week 6

Continued coding.  Figured out how to migrate our dataset from its .csv files to
our database and wrote a script to do so.  Added the ability for a user to
search for movies by mood.  Also added input validations for all the services
I'd coded previously.  User Stories on the recommendation system are all still
in progress.  The plan for the coming week is to complete the fourth sprint,
which includes stories relating to banning other FilmFinders.

Week 7

Continued coding.  Added the ability for a user to ban and unban another user,
as well as to view his Banned List.  Also coded the rating calculator, which
computes the average rating a user sees for a movie, free from the influence of
banned users, and updated Wishlist, Watchlist, movie search and full movie
details code accordingly; also updated the code for full movie details to ensure
reviews by banned users are not seen.  Updated the input validation for movie
search such that it now occurs at the request level.  Discussed database
validations with Yash and identified a few additions to be made.  Spent a lot of
time trying to sort out issues that had arisen with the data migration script;
finally identified the issue and got it working properly.  Implemented
pagination for movie search/browse, which has created difficulties for sorting
the results properly.  User Stories for the recommendation system are making
good progress and are expected to be finished sometime in the next week.  The
plan for the coming week is to fix pagination and finish the overall software
implementation, and to start the project report.
